# Pyber Challenge

## Overview of Analysis
This project began with sets of 2019 ride sharing data for a range of cities.  We were able to hone in on the differnces in the average fares and total number of rides by area type through formatting the data into scatter plot diagrams.  This inital analysis showed that the Urban cities had a significantly greater numbers on rides per city and driver count, but the average fare cost was lower.  The rural cities had opposite results with less, drivers, and numbers of rides but much higher fare costs.  The company wants a clear picture of how to enhance their ride sharing access and to determine the affordability  for the under serviced areas. We formatted some line, bar, and pie charts to see visually what was going to give the best detail for the data.  Utimately the data needed to be merged and reformatted into databases so that the graphs and details were clear.


## Results
We recieved the Pyber ride sharing data for January through May 2019.  The analysis was for data only through April, since we were not given data for the entire month of May.  Based on the results of the analysis, the Urban cities are generating the highest revenue in fares in 2019. All of the data shows pretty consistent results for total fares by area.  There doesn't seem to be any drastic fluctations in the first four months of 2019.  It would be interesting to see if there is an increase or decrease in total fares for these areas in the summer months.

## Summary
 The rural cities are consistently bringing in the lowest revenue.  We found the count of drivers in the Urban cities was 2,405, Suburban cities a total of 490, and in Rural cities only 78 drivers.  It's clear their is value in having the large quantity of driver in the Urban areas, due to the high demand for this service.  I would recommend however, that the quantity of Pyber drivers be increased in the Rural areas.  With so few drivers in those areas, wait time for an available driver in Rural areas could be a large factor in why the quanitity of rides are so low in those cities.  Also the average fare is $10 higher in Rural cities than in Urban cities.  It would make sense to lower the fare cost in order to increase the demand for rides in those areas.  I would also recommend an increase in driver in the Urban cities.  The Urban cities are consistenly using the Pyber ride sharing, and I would expect an increase in driver availability will also have a positive effect on the use of this service.